Um, hahaha, stinky Qi, stinky Qi, ah, yeah, yeah.
Certainly.
Two adults
Something bad
flustered
Cheng He Style
So what's up?
There's a bunch of sign-ups outside.
Surrounded by the prosecutor's office
What to sign up for?
Quickly contact the military camp outside the city to rescue the troops immediately
Back to the adults, they are surrounding the mansion to interview the adults
Come on. Come with me.
Yes
I'm going to my lord
Adults let us see adults, we are wrong
Sir, what is the so-called matter when you come here?
Why are you surrounding the Guardian House?
Adult Caomin Director Chen
Please do justice, my lord
What's the matter?
Grass people run a restaurant
Spotted by a gang of thieves
They also blackmail their families
As a danger, he also occupied the restaurant of the grass people
The grass-roots people are not convinced
He was almost beaten to death by them!
What kind of thing exists in broad daylight?
Well, who is the tiger thief?
This official must uphold justice
This time the thief is Zhao Yan, president of Huaiyang Dao Guild
Tian Xiangyang, President of Lifelong Hotanyo Road Association
Since it is Zhao Yan, they know
Ah, don't worry.
This officer will enforce the law impartially
Do you all justice?
How do you go, sir?
Lord, let me in
You can't go, my lord, you can't go in
I have no one.
I went in, but I didn't go in.
You see it all clearly
Just now, Qian Fangya and the others entered the Supervision Palace through the back door
Great, I'm worried that I didn't paint my mouth.
This money can be inlaid with teeth.
I sent it up myself
Let's go, let's go back and have a look